added documentation on meshsync,operator and database (#2381)
layer5io/meshery: docs/pages/concepts/architecture/broker.md

---
layout: default
title: Broker
permalink: concepts/architecture/broker
type: concepts
redirect_from: architecture/broker
abstract: "Meshery broker component fascilitates data streaming between kubernetes cluster components and outside world."
language: en
list: include
---

> Broker is a custom kubernetes controller that empowers data streaming across different components of meshery, which are either inside or outside of the kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Broker is a custom Kubernetes controller that provides data streaming across independent components of Meshery whether those components are running inside or outside of the Kubernetes cluster.
```

> ### Broker FAQs

Reviewer: - How many Brokers can run? 
- What does an HA configuration look like? 
- What stateful characteristics does the Broker have?
- How do I know if the Broker is working? How do I troubleshoot the Broker?

Author: Done done..
